README.md, before:

# Oasis Taquería for Oasis Hack Session 3, Spring 2023

Sample app built with students to help teach React and API integration skills. See the slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mbdSFYw1JSMv3ygRjhbn3Arr0-wCkUKnRjTar89thTg/edit#slide=id.g1dca9265056_0_936).

## Demo

Check out the live site [here](https://tacos-oasis-hs3-sp23.vercel.app)!

The API used in the example is available at [jaysella/taco-chef](https://github.com/jaysella/taco-chef) with a demo [here](https://tacos.girocibo.com/api/tacos).

## Screenshot

![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35548468/218208992-1a94ed3d-d459-418a-8012-07be034228d3.png)

---

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

Add info on starter branch to README

README.md, after:

# Oasis Taquería for Oasis Hack Session 3, Spring 2023

Sample app built with students to help teach React and API integration skills. See the slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mbdSFYw1JSMv3ygRjhbn3Arr0-wCkUKnRjTar89thTg/edit#slide=id.g1dca9265056_0_936).

The `starter` branch contains a static site as a starting point for implementing API logic.

## Demo

Check out the live site [here](https://tacos-oasis-hs3-sp23.vercel.app)!

The API used in the example is available at [jaysella/taco-chef](https://github.com/jaysella/taco-chef) with a demo [here](https://tacos.girocibo.com/api/tacos).

## Screenshot

![screenshot](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35548468/218208992-1a94ed3d-d459-418a-8012-07be034228d3.png)

---

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes.\
You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
